Small bunch of doc tweaks (#264)
foxglove/docs: docs/2-connecting-to-data/4-ros-foxglove-bridge.md

- **max_qos_depth** – Maximum depth used for the QoS profile of subscriptions. Defaults to `25`.
- **include_hidden** – Include hidden topics and services. Defaults to `false`.

:::tip

> For IPv6 address, if you are having trouble connecting, try setting the address param to `address:="'::'"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are having trouble connecting to the bridge using IPv6, try setting the address param to `address:="'::'"`
```

> For example: `ros2 launch foxglove_bridge foxglove_bridge_launch.xml address:="'::'"`

Reviewer: The docs above say:

> Defaults to `0.0.0.0`, listening on all interfaces by default. Change this to `127.0.0.1` (or `::1` for IPv6) to only accept connections from the local machine.

This `::` info seems like it might be more appropriate next to that sentence, because `::` is the v6 equivalent of `0.0.0.0` (in my limited knowledge of how ipv6 works).

Non-docs-related side note: I also wonder if there's something we could do to make this work better by default? Would things break if we set the default to `::` instead of `0.0.0.0`? cc @defunctzombie @achim-k
